20 years ago , there wasnt the market for more than a handful of full time audio practioners , but today anyone with some creative musical talent can be one. The cost of putting music into distributable form ( this is the bottom line of the " audio practice " we are talking about ) has become almost negligable , allowing more people to buy into the business and spend as much time as they need to in order to make a living. R.A.P. tends to be kinda " album-centric " and I wonder if thats why I sometimes see things a little differently. Most of the work I do has nothing to do with making records. Some of it is recording TV shows , some of it is dialog/voice-over work , some of it is taking music recorded by others and molding it into new shapes and sizes. Some of it is also live , but the analog vs. digital debate is somewhat less significant in those circumstances ( though still not irrelevant ) . I probably _could_ do more record work if I could get over this case of ADAT-in-garage-aphobia. I agree that there is now room for more audio workers than there used to be , but bear in mind that we are not all self-producing album makers. I deal with the same reliability , compatibility and deadline issues as a commercial music studio , but the processes ( and to a certain extent , the objectives ) are different. When a show shot on Tuesday has to be out of post by Thursday , flutter vs. jitter moves way down the list of considerations ! g It aint off the list , but it is not at the top. As for the analog/digital thing , I am not talking about just commercial music rooms on one end and bedroom studios on the other. There are points in between where the lines get fuzzier. I often work on a Studer board for example. Not a Mackie , but not a 9000 either. it is a 100 % digital facility , EXCEPT for the audio console. Would a digital console be better in that setting ? Some people here use Fairlights. Not exactly Cakewalk , but not the kind of stuff Scott Dorsey was describing either. Would they be better off using 2 " analog ? THATs the segment I was referring to. People working in the middle of the market. The ProTools et al set. Lorin 
