This is a message from Paul Lesurf of Blittersort posted to the Fusion Mailing List ; To all Amiga emulation users , Blittersoft would like to make a statement regarding the response to the Fusion PPC Amiga situation. Whilst Microcode Solutions announced the 60 day countdown on September 20th , there was not the required 500 prepayments that were supposed to trigger this. As announced by Microcode Solutions , Blittersoft made the commitment for 500 orders to enable this product to actually see the light of day. This was made with some confidence given the many users who stated they would pay after the countdown began. Unfortunately , despite over 600 pledges , we have seen about a third actually prepay. Many have declined to authorise and the situation is that we have backed this process believing the Amiga community who made a commitment would actually follow through and keep their word. This is despite the countdown being close to half way. Whilst I accept that there will be those who circumstances may effect the ability to complete their pledge , I think it is fair to say that this would cater for a handful. It is sad to report that many people who pledged must have done so without ever considering the consequences of failing to meet this pledge. Well , the consequences are that Blittersoft will not make this type of gesture again. The same situation could well happen with the PCx PC software. Again , there have been many requests ( about 350 ) and it is Microcodes intention is to begin the countdown for this after the Fusion PPC is released and 500 pledges become 500 payments. Blittersoft will be prepared to make the same gesture and back the product to the tune of 500 orders if we receive the level of support promised by the Amiga emulation community. Everyone knows the situation with Amiga development. Piracy is still a big problem and now it seems that even planned schemes to secure development can also not be trusted. The bottom line is that the Amiga needs quality support by it is users if there is still to be quality development. I will end with a simple request : If you did pledge your suppport to pre-pay Fusion PPC and have not done so , please reconsider and do so now. Best wishes , Paul Lesurf Blittersoft see " How to Overclock ! " Got an overclocking story to tell of /any/ kind ? Send it to me and I will post it to my " Overclockers Web Page " . 
