THERE IS NO SUCH THING AS A SCIENTIFIC DEFINITION OF GOD anywhere in the recorded annals of the scientific history of the World. Therefore , in order to produce a " scientific proof of God " you are also going to have to discover the " scientific definition of God " at the same time. So what [ Hammond ] So I have discovered it. Thats what. we are really talking about is the " scientific discovery of God " not simply the " scientific proof of God " . When Chadwick discovered the Neutron he didnt discover the " scientific proof of the Neutron " he discovered the " definition of the Neutron " at the same time that he discovered the " proof that it exists " . The same is true with God ; as a scientific quantity. I do perceive another of those apples and oranges comparisons. As with many other discoveries , at the time time of the discovery of the neutron , it had no yet been defined. What we in Western society think of as God , however , has been defined and redefined over the last several thousand years. [ Hammond ] Not scientifically it hasnt. Philosophically , Psychologically , Theologically maybe , but not " scientifically " . What ever you are describing , I can not tell , but it ceratinly doesnt sound like the God I have read about and heard about. You can call it whatever you will , but unless it fits the classic description , it is not the God everyone has been arguing about proving or disproving for so long. [ Hammond ] I agree with that statement 100 % . The " scientific quantity " must be obviously reconciled with the 5,000 year , 50 billion person historical opinion of God. In fact it is. The 4th order ( Final ) Psychology factor is a social psychology factor which EXACTLY fits , the 1,000 page description of this factor in the Bible. The Bible basically defines God as an " invisible perfect man " who has " spiritual power over ordinary human beings " . This is what the 4th factor is , since the direct cause of it is the " growth curve deficit " see : This shows that the difference between a " perfecdt man " and us " average men " is the ( universal ) brain growth deficit. therefore this " perfect man " lives within our " averagely developed " body. ie. is the latent or " ungrown " part of our brain. this causes a " latent or ungrown " part of our MIND ( sometimes called the unconscious mind ) which is the " spiritual force " which guides us. Christ. this is a man size theory you know. I have never seen a Priest who looked like a boy ! Gary M - George Hammond , M.S. Physics 
