Theory of Evolution works as follows : Even Christians acknowlege micro-evolution.the tendancy for creatures to adapt to their environment through changes in the gene pool. They deny MACRO evolution , that is , one species change to the next. Most of this is a failure to understand what macro-evolution is. One Christian gentleman I spoke to thought it was " The Theory that man decended from apes. " Not quite. Evolutionary theory says that man and monkey are cousins on the tree , not father-son. The stipulation makes sense because humans and the greater apes share nearly 99 % of their genetic code. Before there were men , or women , or apes , there was something that was sorta monkey like. Some of it is decendants had to stay in the trees and eat fruit to survive. Over millions of years , they became modern apes. Others were forced to go hunting on the plains , and use tools and fire. These lost their body hair , gained inteligence , and grew eventually into mankind. This did not happen overnight. Any casual observer would be long dead before any noticable changes happened. Basically , macro evolution is repeated separated micro-evolution until the two groups of creatures can no longer interbreed. Scientists call this Speciation. The last thing I have wondered is why Christians refuse to accept evolution , as if it were forbidden by their god or something. Could it be that the christian god is influencing evolution to create creatures in his favor ? it is worse than that. Those Christians of the " Young-Earth " variety contradict themselves frequently on micro and macro. They claim macro is impossible , yet to make the ark " work " they limit the number of animals to " kinds " then promote RAPID mutation rates to change the generic " bear " kind into black bears and polar bears and kodiak bears and even kuala bears in less than 6000 years. A running joke is that to a Young Earth Creationist two species are of different " kinds " if no transitional fossils have been found between them. Frank Bartunek spam blocking in effect. To reply remove " not " When someone is saved from certain death by a strange concatenation of circumstances , they say its a miracle. But of course if someone is killed by a freak chain of events - that must also be a miracle. Just because it isnt nice doesnt mean its not miraculous. Terry Pratchett " Interesting Times " 
