The armed forces could not stand against citizenry outnunbering them 10 to 1 , If the military wants to take over , the ratio wouldnt be 10 to 1 for very long. ( really closer to a 100 to 1 right now IF you believe the government - which I am sure you dont. Who knows maybe the government is stockpiling troops somewhere so they can take over the country ! : ) As for tanks , those guys have to come out of the tanks sometime. The lowly deer rifle is just great at picking off man-sized targets from hundreds of yards away. The gov forces would _never_ be able to consider themselves safe. A dead man is going to be " picking off " anyone. there is no point in continuing this. You have an inherent distrust of power that isnt yours. I do not. Go to the mountains , train for when the army will try to take over , and IF you are right I hope the uranium depleted shell that heads your way doesnt get you. The government has approximately 12,000,000 in the armed services. This is a very , very rough guess. In Michigan alone on opening day of deer season there is an estimated 1,000,000 plus hunters out there ready to go. This number does not take into account how many other people have guns personally nor does it take into account how many people are armed in other states. There are iirc 400,000 standing Marines currently enlisted. These Marines are trained to protect the Citizens and the Constitution against all threats both foreign and domestic. Finally there was a survey done about 4 years ago of the armed services in which the military was asked , " Would they fire upon a US citizen if ordered to " . 60 % replied they would not and of those 60 % , 85 % said they would actively defend the citizens against those trying to carry out such an order. The 12,000,000 available is now down to 4,800,000 with approximately the same number of their fellow servicemen willing to stop them. These numbers dont include all the retired Marines and other military personel who would fight for the Citizens and not the government. If the government wasnt worried about an armed citizenry then why do they try to take away our guns ? William Lessard FORD " go sell crazy someplace else , we are all stocked up here " Jack Nicholson , As Good as it Gets " If a man hasnt found something he will die for , he isnt fit to live. " Martin Luther King JR. " The basic test of freedom is perhaps less in what we are free to do than in what we are free not to do. " Eric Hoffer ( 1902-1983 ) 
