Yes she did. We would have ended up losing the proverbial shirt. That is why we left the total lines proofed and the amount of proofreading time it took to make them client ready on our end for folks to see. With proof reading logs in hand and the orginial contract they signed assuring us of 98.5 % accuracy the Big K , uhmmmm , negotiated a very different price for the work returned which was substandard. Needless to say they were not happy and simply could not understand why we were not happy with the quality of the work. With the amount of money being poured into training for offshore MTs I have no doubt that eventually that quality is going to improve , but the basic problems will still remain the same. After all , if Healthscribe , who has probably been at this longer than any of them , are still subjecting their offshore MTs to extensive proofing it should be pretty evident that there are some things those " ears " just are never gon na pick up on. And , last I heard , their offshore division has yet to turn a significant profit. Personally I do not understand why these companies cant grasp the concept that those same dollars invested here would more likely have a much better return for MTs who do not require extensive proof reading and editing. But what I personally think is not really an issue here. The fact is that this is happening right now and will continue to happen. Nothing we do now will stop it. All we can do is share our experience so that anyone thinking of utilizing an offshore service has a better understanding of the problems and pitfalls involved. Can ask more informed questions , negotiate a better contract , and hopefully not end up on the short end of the stick. Nae Nae did you do any calculations on what it cost to basically redo the work ? I have yet to hear that any of the companies investing in offshore transcription have made any money. I would be interested in knowing if they have studied the long-term return on offshore v. US training , notwithstanding the tendency of Americans to whine and be overly demanding. Rae Morrill in Maine " Ya cant get theyuh from heeah " _ Spam mailers WILL be reported to their respective postmasters and AOL TOSSPAM ! 
