One aspect of the groundfighting vs. standup fighting argument which is often overlooked is energy expenditure , and how this differs in each realm. One of the things that a groundfighter knows which stand-up fighters or untrained people dont realize is the fact that it is very exhausting to fight on the ground against a person who knows position maintenance. I know wat you mean , my schools ground-grappling included some monkey stuff that focuses on wearing out your opponent. Works pretty well until the eye gouges start. Consistently , I have heavyweight athletes come in who have very good standing endurance ( from running , standup M.A. training , etc. ) and they are completely gassed on the ground in about 20 seconds even when facing a trained opponent whom they heavily outweigh. They are always surprised when they first experience this. We had some guys start running to improve their endurace during sparring , but it didnt really help. What they dont understand is the fact that real groundfighting has unique rigors to it. Even people who dabble in groundfighting and grappling dont understand this. Good stand-up fighting does too ( that grappling/impact/elbow stand-up , not standing off trading blows ( that IS more like the running stamina ) ) People who train in stand-up fighting , lift weights , run , etc. generally have pretty good standing endurance. They can explode , and send their natural weapons ( e.g. fists ) trajectorally toward a target , they can move and shuffle , advance , retreat. They do just fine here. I find that even these wight-trained people lack endurance. We get them down thighs paralell and they run out of steam fast. So , grappling works against both the standing mans instincts and his conditioned actions and responses. So then. If a person demonstrates the ability to knock your head off while standing , and you cant match this ability in return , you can take all of this away from him by taking him to the ground. He wont have the same leverage or knowledge to do what he wants to do once you take it to the ground. Moreover , he wont find this out until it is already too late. Take a standup fighter to the ground. Good strategy. Opposite strateg , make a grappler face you upright. ( cant keep him upright , but you can trow stuff at him then ) This says nothing of multiple opponent strategies , etc. The above merely describes an important phenomen which can occur in a one on one situation. Yea , that argument is in BJJ Excuses. Jerry Love 
