In Warp 4 IBM added a little check box on the second " Source Directory " screen which said " Use files from hard disk if they exist. " The reason for this was to use the most up-to-date file versions installed from fixpacks in creating the utility disks rather than the downlevel GA files. A great idea but a bug in the program prevented it from working if you checked the box. If you dont check the box , the 4 utility boxes are still created from the GA files like always. Apparently this bug is fixed in fixpack 12 for Warp v4. I suspect that the Create Utility Disks program in Warp Connect has a similar bug. Try it with the box unchecked and see what happens. There is no such checkbox for Warp Connects version of this function. In fact , ALL files are copied from the current hard drive. whatever they are , whatever level they are at , and however they got there. I looked at a machine with OS/2 v3 installed and started the Create Disks program. You are right , the program does not provide an option for selection of the files. When the program starts , the first thing it does is look at the floppy drive and the drive should briefly light up and bump a little. Then the Create Utility Disks screen pops up and asks you to select a drive where the diskettes will be created. After you select A or B , another screen pops up asking you to insert the diskette for that drive. After you do this , it tells you that the disk will be formatted , formats the disk , and starts copying files from the hard drive to the floppy. The first file is OS2BOOT , then OS2LDR , OS2VER , and OS2KRNLI in that order. So does any of this stuff happen for you ? If not , I would suspect a problem with the floppy drive or the floppy drive driver. Since you say the floppy is working properly , I am puzzled. Perhaps the program checks for system file first before starting the floppy bump. Since your system boots properly and accepts a fixpack service , I can not imagine what could be missing. Sorry I cant be more helpful . 
