I was thinking about this over the weekend. I was/am an NT developer. However , I am currently working on an OSS based project , FreeBSD and Linux , in doing so , my existence is ( for the time being ) 100 % Microsoft free. I feel liberated. I somehow feel that better all around. I am forced to wonder. When I was doing NT exclusively , I had been working in a Windows environment for some time. I originated in UNIX , started doing DOS stuff , then Windows , then NT. I found that Windows and NT was all I was used to. I resisted going back to UNIX. I didnt want to because " Windows NT " was the future. I rationalized why NT was better , I could argue with the best UNIX guys. Exactly. Back in high school I used those old NeXT boxes and I loved it. In college I was required to do most of my CS homework under UNIX and so I installed Linux 1.0 ( 1994 ? I cant remember anymore ) to work with it. My home machine was a dual 95/Linux box. NT came out in a big way , and my first job ( Lockheed Martin ) had just migrated from OS/2 to NT4. I started playing with it and loved it. There were some quarks with the system , but according to every meter there was it was the new thing. When I was offered a better job , where I had control of the projects , I accepted. The place was a big on AIX and I started migrating stuff over to NT. It was then that I realized how convenient many things were under UNIX ( simple things like cross-platform backup authentication ) . Linux was installed on the main fileserver and it worked beautifully ; the NT server was a pain for many things ranging from user creation to mailing lists. Remote-administrating it was ( is ) a joke without spending a lot more money. System administratorion is just a side-job here , so I dont want to deal with it as much as possible. I still use NT , but mostly on the client where it acts as a stable version of Windows 95 and not on the server where you must all but commit to 100 % Microsoft solutions. I just ordered Oracle8 for Linux , and we will be migrating the 36GB databse over to Linux ; thatll leave me with one NT server left ( an IIS/frontpage server ) . I even have a few Linux clients out there for some users who need it is capabilities. The wheel is turning but the hamster is dead . 
