I have heard that if there is an earthquake , you are supposed to stand in the doorway of whatever room you are in. I havent been in any big earthquakes , but this makes me wonder. First of all , how many people can you fit into one doorway ? If a room has ten people and one door , it is going to be a bit of a struggle to get that prime doorway position , isnt it ? Secondly , a doorway is just a hole. I realise that doorways have lots of bracing around them , but once the building collapses , I dont think the doorway is going to be left standing. Now as I said , I havent been in any big earthquakes ( I think the largest was a number 4 ) . Can somebody who has been in a big earthquake where buildings collapse tell me : Do the doorways magically remain standing with people sheltering in them when the building collapses ? Or is the " shelter in the doorway " advice JUST A LITTLE BIT SILLY ? I read recently somewhere that the business abotu standing in a doorway is obsolete avice. Modern wood-frame buildings are not especially stronger in doors than eslewhere , and in a doorway the door could whap you a lot. If the building collapses you are in trouble anyway. Get under a desk. Also , does it really work if you are in an elevator plummeting to the bottom of the shaft to jump just before it hits ? I saw an elevator safety poster that said that you should watch the indicator and jump just before the lift gets to the first floor or the ground floor ( depending which country you are in ) . Has anybody tried this ? It would probably not work. The best thing to do is push yourself down onto the floor so you are lying down. However , the whole point of the Otis elevator safety brakes was that if the cable snaps , that causes the brakes to activate. So elevators plummet only in murder mysteries and action-adventure movies. There was an article about that in Scientific American within the past year. Ice Hockey QA Engineer ( Goalie ) , 1998 BMW R1100GS rider , and not your ordinary noncomformist. " You may have the right to say that , but I will defend to the death my right to disagree. " 
