how do you get electrons out of atoms ? You shove them out hard enough to get them out of the potential well of the nucleus ( as modified by any other electrons present ) . ie how do you ionise atoms ? You can shake them real hard , or you can bang something ( e.g. another electron or something more exotic , a photon or two , etc. ) into the atom ; and generally you knock some electrons loose. Einstein mentioned something about this latter method. You can also pull them off with an electrostatic field. here is a clue " you put energy in " I just said that. why is no-one suspicious of generating their own electrons ? Are you implying I have to put the rest-mass equivalent of an electron ( .511 MeV ) into a cathode to get an electron out ? I know better. Of course , you can generate electrons without ionizing anything , but you get a positron too. But you need twice .511 MeV for that trick. what is the proof that the atom is truly ionised ? Because it then tries to pull electrons from nearby matter , and you can measure that pull. how long does it take one freshly ionised atom to recover in a homogeneous medium , lets say ? Depends how much the atoms in the medium want to hold on to their electrons , how badly the ion wants them ( or vice versa ) , how freely the medium in question passes electrons , and so on. aka what happens when you switch off the electricity to a cathode ray tube ? You begin a process that eventually ends as : you no longer get electrons hitting the TV screen. Two separate causes working together. 1. ) The cathode eventually gets too cold ( stops shaking hard enough ) to push electrons out into the interelectrode spaces , and 2. ) There are no electrostatic fields present to push the electrons all the way to the screen. As the cathode cools , the spot gets dimmer ( fewer electrons ) . As the electrode voltages decay ( through whatever external resistances are attached ) the beam spot may get smaller , larger , wander over the screen , etc. So , whats your point ? Mark L. Fergerson 
