Hmm , I smell a trap. I dunno. Can it have something to do with ambient temperatures along the length of the rod , the surface skin of the rod interfering with heat transfer ( flux or corrosion coated , or the change in molecular density resulting from the extrusion process in creation of the rod ) , atoms in close proximately to the heat source ( grinding wheel and rod tip ) deflecting any further disruption of their worlds to someplace a little less disturbed ( distant cooler portions of rod ) , less surface area for dissipation of heat at the tip in your palm or could you have particularily sensitive palms ? Do gloves help ? Dave Nelson Hello David. I have to poke into this. When you sharpen a tip on a 6 " long tungsten welding electrode , which may be anywhere between 1/16 " and 1/8 " thick , and the other already sharpened end is in your palm , the tip in your palm burns you before the bulk much closer to the sharpened point does. How come the heat obviously travels inside this material toward the far end ? Regards Slavek. I thought heat was caused by over-stimulated molecules. Heat is energy. Energy can be released by a variety of things. No molecules , no heat. There is a classic demonstration concerning heat : two magnifying mirrors are arranged so that light from the focus of one mirror bounces off the mirror , travels through a distance to the other mirror , and is refocussed at the focal point of the second mirror. This arrangement is called a Schlieren system , and has many uses. A pane of glass is placed in the middle to prevent movement of molecules from one mirror to the other. An unlit latch is placed at the focus of one mirror , and a second match is lit at the focus of the other mirror. The unlit match can be ignited by the " heat " radiation that is gathered by one mirror , passed through the glass , and refocussed by the second mirror. Doesnt heat also disrupt magnetic flux ? Not directly. It can disturb atoms or molecules that are ferromagnetic , randomizing the orientations of their permanent magnetic moments ( their internal bar magnets ) . Tom Davidson Aurora , CO 
