Hello Folks , First of all , I ’ d like to thank the people here for maintaining a very active newsgroup. I have just posted two messages here , and the number and quality of responses have far exceeded my expectations. I am trying to understand how wide angle lenses , especially Fish-eye lenses work , and am having a tough time finding resources on the net. Some of the questions I am trying to find answers for are : 1 ) What gives a lens a wide angle of view ? Is it just the small focal length ? I guess when the focal length decreases , the cone of light that converges at the focal point is wider ? But then , a 14mm lens is not 14mm long , or is it ? 2 ) What is really happening when you have a view angle of 180 degrees , as in the case for a fish-eye lens ? It would seem like the focal point is now inside the lens , since the ‘ cone ’ is now a half-plane – but then how is the image formed ? What type of projection gives you the circular , distorted image formed by fish-eye lenses ? It looks similar to the image formed by the surrounding environment on a reflective sphere. 3 ) What is the difference between diagonal and circular fish-eye lenses ? 4 ) I know that in 3D computer graphics , the perspective transformation can cause objects to look distorted , depending on how you set your projection parameters. Some of the wide angle lens manufactures say that they have corrected for distortions. Are these distortions really ‘ distortions ’ in the sense that the way you are trying to project the image , may be these distortions are ‘ natural ’ ? I am not talking about engineering defects , but the effects produced by the projection itself , the extreme case being a fish-eye lens. 5 ) Where can I find information on lens construction , not just the basic lens equations , but some information on how these lenses with floating elements and such are designed ? Hope that wasn ’ t a question too many ! I ’ ve been think about this for a while , and I would be grateful if the experts here could clear up some of these concepts for me. Regards , Mahesh Venkitachalam 
