Generally I agreebut I am not sold on Weekes. He went down every time the puck was nearby. Richard Brodeur had some success with that style , but then he had an awesome glove hand to compensate. I havent seen a goalie make so many routine saves look spectacular since Mike Palmateer , and the broadcasters were fooled by him as well. Wait until word gets out to shoot often , and highwhich should be by the next game , if he starts. I hope he proves me wrong. john Ok , this game was a good one , despite the holdouts and injuries. Kevin Weekes played well. Maybe not as well as the shouting commentators described it , but he made the saves. If we can have two skilled goaltenders doing the job this year , I think we might be in business. What surprised me is that the team has more depth than last year even with injuries and holdouts. This was only one game , but the roster itself simply looks better than last years to me. I thought that defense was patchwork and that it would fail , but I liked what I saw in Hawgood , Joseph and Bodger. They are no superstars , but they seem to have done their job tonight. Maybe it is just me , but it might hold until guys like Aucoin and Ohlund come back. What they did well was clearing the puck out of the zone. the mistakes were not as numerous as last year. Steve Kariya did well too , in my opinion. I see why he made the team. Mogilny had some jump himself ! I bet losing ten pounds was only a good thing for him. I remember that Stephane Quintal did this last year and he instantly got more jump on the ice. It is so much easier to skate around when you got ten less pounds to carry. And he was more aggressive. He needs to go straight to the Net sometimes , though , not just wait for the late man to take his pass. He scored more than 50 goals in the past , he should take shots. What about those last five minutes ? They kept the Rangers OUT OF THE ZONE , which was what I doubted they could ever do. That center line seems better to me with Messier , Cassels ( happy to see this guy , I like him ) and Bertuzzi. It is the first time we seem to have some depth in. years and years. Sorry for the long rant , but this was my first change to see what happens with them. you dont get a lot of games when you live in Montreal : ) Cross yer fingers and pray for the season to continue in a good way : ) Michael ( positive for now ) 
