Deflation leads to money hoarding , which draws more money from the market , leading to more deflation. Everybody tries to keep his money as long as possible , buying only the baremost necessities , and this as late as he can. The result is , of course , collapse. Talk me through this , okay ? Suddenly all the money in my pocket is worth 5 % more than it was. Which means I suddenly can buy 5 % more stuff than I could before. Which means I will instead decide to buy nothing ? No , my friend , if you truly think that , then you are obviously no student of human nature. The argument he is offering is that if you have deflation , then currency becomes an interest bearing asset , since its real value is going up. This is the source of the so-called " liquidity trap. " If the deflation rate becomes high enough , the nominal interest rate should become negative ( because the dollars borrowers pay back are increasing in value faster than the real interest rate borrowers are willing to pay ) , so nobody investsthey just accumulate cash instead. In your answer , you have just reinvented one of the responses offered to this argument at the timethe real balances effect. As , in such a scenario , prices plunge down , all those people holding all that cash are getting an implicit income in the increasing value of their cashsome of which they will spend. I am not aware of any evidence that the phenomenon in question ever actually happened. As best I recall , the reason people paid attention to the theoretical idea was the mistaken belief that the Great Depression started and continued in spite of inflationary monetary policy by the Federal Reserve. If that had been true , it would have raised the question of why the increased amount of money didnt start prices back up , as neoclassical monetary theory implied it should. Hence the metaphor that using monetary policy to expand was like pushing on a string. In fact , as we know know , the Feds actual policy was deflationaryas best I recall , the drop in the money supply from about 1929 to 1931 ( this isnt my field , and I am working from memory , so dont guarantee exact dates and numbers ) was several times larger than the largest previous percentage drop in the history of the U.S. For details , see _A Monetary History of the U.S._ by Friedman and Schwartz ( a different Friedman ) , or _The Great Contraction_ , which is the chapter on the Great Depression from that book , published separately. David Friedman 
