But I am facinated at the fact that the art of Silat has Christian foundation. Only since the time of our Dutch Indonesian teachers. In point of fact , there is a very fractious debate as to whether it is at all acceptable to some Muslims for Christians to even participate , much less teach , in a Muslim art. Even from the Muslim point of view , there is much of the aboriginal animist/shamanist coloration to the art. The practice of Islam in Indonesia is certainly much different from it is practice in other geographic areas. Our specific association is Christian in nature , and that of only a particular coloration ; joyful in it is expression. We also dont seek out certain occupations to become affiliated- it is sufficient that a man choose a certain occupation to indicate that many of his other life decisions would be at odds with what we practice. Certainly there are a broad range of very effective instructors that have various religious affiliations or none- this is a specific personal choice of association that we make. Would it be to much to ask more questions when I become more familiar with your art ? I did see that you hold a rank of Guru so I am sure that you can be very helpful. I hope I am not being to pushy when you dont even know who or what I am. I will be be more than happy to let you know about myself if you are interested. I am more than happy to answer any questions that I can and to make suggestions of other people that may have differing views from mine. My own views are not shared by many of the foremost practitioners of the art and should be seen as the mannerist kind of perspective that they are. I am so tired of the prigs , poseurs , politicians , churchianiacs and general assholes that claim my religion that it is not even funny. People like that can get me really worked up as well but I guess we can be more tactful in dealing with them. You certainly demonstrate that far better than me. I somehow feel that there is an abandonment of civility after a certain point of insult or affront- perhaps even moreso in this sort of arena. Convincement by written conversation is interesting in it is restrictions and enableings. Very best wishes to you , sir- Chas 
