big snip The question is , " does the external world have a form which is observer independent ? " I doubt if it does. I think it is all just a mathematical possibility. After all , everthing single piece of information , that my brain has received , was , at some stage , just an electrical pulse on a nerve firbe. From that , my mind constructed the internal graphic that I call the universe , which includes my own body. All of our science and its experiments are directed at trying to understand the nature of external reality AS OUR MINDS CONCEIVE IT ! I think you are making a categorical error. There is no doubt that Reality , at some fundamental level , is substantially different from what we perceive it to be. But the question you asked is " does the external world have a form which is observer independent ? " and unless I am mistaken , what the phrase " external world " refers to is the world apart from our perceptions. That " form " the external world possesses may be very different from what we perceive but it certainly must have a definite form however strange. Rejection ( of ) that statement is possible , but the ultimate results of that rejection are incoherent. Except that my use of the word form is itself a little suspect. Form tends to assume a physical reality , when that is the very thing we are trying to investigate. Like I said , the form could be mathematical or something beyond our present understanding. However , there is no doubt that entities exist beyond our individual minds , and it is reasonable to speculate that they may have some kind of absolute properties. The question , " what did the world look like before there was life ? " sums it up. We know it existed but assigning physical properties mean nothing unless they refer back to a definition by a conscious observer. We can make statements like " trees are green " but green is only part of the minds internal language. Without life , trees merely reflect light of certain predominant wavelengths , where the words in parenthesis are products of our own understanding of form anyway. Maybe there is no purpose in speculating about true form because we are never going to know what it is anyway. We might as well stick with the one we know ! 
