All , 15 minutes ago , about 02 : 50 A.M. , 10/16/99 , I was awakened by mattress movement and clothes hanger sounds. I believe I may have felt my first EQ. My location is in Northwest Phoenix , AZ. Robin : Southern Cal. 7.0 landers preliminary reading Felt in San Diego , CA ; at least 20 seconds , slow , fairly gentle rolling motion. Two books leaning upright against a chair fell over in our living rooom , but there is no other collapse or damage here that I can see. San Diego Fire Dept. issued an alert , ordered all engines and firefighters to stand by outside their stations , approximately 10 after the quake ; at approximately 3 : 35 AM local time , it was announced to engine companies that there were no reports of damage or injury in the ciy of San Diego. KFI - AM radio station in the Los Angeles area , however , has had reports that there may be a possible " separation " at the intersection of Freeways 5 and 118 ( ? ) , KFI now reports that reports of possible damage at the freeway 5 - 118 interchange is apparently unfounded. and that there is a possible AmTrack derailment near Hector , apporximately 10 miles north of Ludlow. These reports are at present unconfirmed. Derailment of 22 cars , near " Hector , " has been confirmed on KFI , by an AmTrack spokesman ( sorry , I didnt catch his name ) . The spokesman stated that 22 cars have at least one wheel off-track , but that no cars overturned or are " on their sides. " He claimed there are no reports of serious injuries , and that passengers are being bussed to Barstow , CA. the AmTrack spokesman said that the train was the " Chief , " from Chicago to Los Angeles ; however , one of the KFI announcers just stated that the train was eastbound , from L A to Chicago. I do not know which is correct. There have been a few call-in reports of power failures in the eastern L A area. A portion of Lucy Jones press conference was broadcast , in which she reminded us that there will be aftershocks , probably several in the R 4 to 5 range , and that , as usual , there is approximately a 5 % chance of an aftershock larger than the original quake , within the next 24 hours or so. This probability decreases as each hour passes following the original quake. KFI has claimed " felt " reports from San Diego , the San Fernando valley , Las Vegas , and many reports of strong motion from Eastern Arizona. " - not yet well understood " - oft used phrase , tectonic studies - M.Q.S. AKA The Lady in Green 
