According to Chapman ( very old reference ) a Nuclear Power Station " costs " of the order of 36720000 GJ Please give title , author , date. When we are talking about deaths from woodsmoke , we are talking about places with an extremely low level of technology. Providing efficient stoves would be a far more realistic solution to this problem. In practice it is likely that efficient stoves could be produed locally ( from clay or even unburnt earth ) at a tiny fraction of the cost of a swish stainless steel job. The Swedes could afford to donate efficient stoves to the poorest of the poor if they chose to meet their Kyoto targets by using nuclear power rather than more expensive alternatives. They might even be able to donate nuclear power plants to run stainless steel stove factories. There is a certain national pride of self-sufficiency though , so I suppose local coal will be preferred to foreign uranium as the stainless steel stove factory fuel of choice. All the more reason why those who can use uranium should use uranium to make more room in the atmospheric CO2 store for those who cant or wont. No , the only argument for nuclear is in those countries which a ) can afford it , having surplus GNP to invest Including China , India , Pakistan , Brazil , Argentina , Mexico , . Indonesia just built a huge new coal plant for the same money they could have had a nuclear plant. b ) already are producing such unreasonable quantities of CO2 that they need to reduce them , and Most of the CO2 in the next century ( which is most of the CO2 expected to be produced under b.a.u. ) will come from developing countries , not developed countries. c ) are politically capable of taking on board such a curates egg. ? I submit that nuclear power is an unsuitable option for the farmers unless they are energy dependent already. it would make far more sense for us to lessen our own dependence than to encourage others in our wake. Learn more about nuclear power and sustainable development from people who seem to know what they are talking about : dl NOTE : RETURN ADDRESS MAY BE DISABLED IF you are HAVING TROUBLE REPLYING REPLACE " SPAMNOT " WITH " DONLIBBY " IN THE " TO " ADDRESS LINE 
