Up till now , I hadnt heard about any GM products that concerned me about their safety. A few transplanted genes arent going make a tomato feel pain or let you squeeze blood from a turnip. The worst scenario that seemed reasonable to me is that some agricultural product , like cotton , would turn into an insect-resistant , herbicide-resistant , uncontrollable weed. Sort of like accidentally inventing a new Kudzu vine. But I have recently learned about a new GMO that sounds really scary to me. It seems to me like the sort of GMO youd make if you were trying to destroy the environment. This is _Synechococcus_ blue-green algae modified with the addition of the Bt toxin from bacteria. You can read about Cyanotechs plan is to sell dried blue-green algae containing this toxin. The idea is that mosquito larvae eat algae , so treat bodies of water harboring mosquitoes with this algae , and the mosquitoes will be killed. Although the business model appears to be to sell killed algae , what happens if even one living cell of this algae escapes into the wild ? it is not just mosquito larvae that eat algae. _Daphnia_ ( the water flea ) feeds on it. Lots of stuff feeds on it. And other stuff ( like fish ) eat the mosquito larvae , the _Daphnia_ , etc. If this organism gets out of control , it could be devastating to the ecological web. If I were trying to design an anti- ecology weapon , I would choose blue-green algae as the vehicle , because it grows like crazy and can grow in almost any environment where life is found. And I would put something in it that hits the ecological web at its lowest levels , like the stuff that fish eat. I think the development of this product is very dangerous. No other GMO I have heard about has caused me a bit of concern I am very pro-GM. GM can replace synthetic chemical insecticides and improve product quality thats good. But this toxic algae could be like a germ warfare experiment , which we cant call back once it escapes. I think the development of this product is very irresponsible . 
