THIS IS A LONG ONE Well , not necessarily new , but new enough. I am looking to train in a form of martial art. In the past , I had studied for several years in the style of Ishin Ryu karate , but had to withdraw from courses due to a hip injury. This was nearly 6 years ago. I have decided that it would be a good idea to begin studies again , while I am still relatively young. However , I would like to begin anew in another style. The problem is , with hundreds of styles and forms and variations on those , it is hard to decide. So , my first question is , what would be your recommendation. To help you decide , here is some background on myself and what I am looking for : I am near 63 " in height. I would consider myself medium build ( a little above average , I bench just over 200 and curl just over 100 , so think of someone like that ) and weigh around 200 pounds ( although I tend to deviate , and am currently losing ) . As far as speed and flexibility , I am still above average , even at my weight. Also , I am 19 years old , so all my joints and bones are still in good shape. As far as what I am looking for , there are a couple of factors : 1 ) Usefulness 2 ) Health I want something that is not just for show. If I were to ever be assaulted or something like that , I would want to be able to defend myself. The one problem that I saw with karate is that it was such a hard style that the only way I could really defend myself was by pulverizing the attacker. I would like to have an option to use hard force if I must , but to also defend myself without injuring anyone if at all possible. ( It may seem a little juvenile and impractical , but I would also be interested in training in a weapons style at some point , as I find it very interesting ) It would be nice , also , to train in a style that would improve my overall health. SO , if you have any advice for this lost kid , please let me know. I would as I dont often have time to check the groups , and feel free to ask any questions to help you better advise me ! Also , if you know of any places in the Cleveland , OH area worth considering , let me know 
