I agreed that the flaw in SR cancept as proposed by Einstein is the : synchronization procedure. Calling it a flaw doesnt make it one. : However , when applied as proposed , it IS totally internally consistent Especially , if , as he postulated , the absolute velocity of light in either his " empty space " or Lorentzs equally stationary ether , is correct. The only thing " inconsistent " is that he defined the result - offset local times per consecutive clock in the direction of a given systems absolute motion - as " synchronism " . They are " esynched " , not truly synchronous. But in LET " true synchrony " is unobservable. So why bother with the complications of worrying about what you cant possibly observe ? Indeed , more : what can not possibly affect any physical outcome whatsoever ? Just because you dont like how a term ( in this case synchony ) is defined for formal treatment , doesnt make the formal use of that term incorrect. You could claim with equal justice that " force " as newton used it in F = dp/dt isnt REALLY force , not TRUE force , because it excludes force of personality , and force of arms , and was even distinct from force as used by other authors , and it should instead be called " nforce " . In short , nattering on and on about " synchony " being " really esync " is a completely bankrupt complaint. " Synchrony " is ( roughly ) greek for " same time " . And thats exactly how Einstein uses the term. And finally , to be consistent , it is NOT enough that one simply choose a synchrony to make lightspeed isotropic. If there were a maxwellian ether , or if the laws of nature were galilean invariant , then such a choice is possible in one and only one frame. The fact that it is MEASURABLY POSSIBLE in any frame you choose is the central physical implication of SR. In LET , you presume the physical implications and derive measured anisotropy. In SR you presume anisotropy and derive the physical implications. SR is a good deal cleaner , and a more fruitful and insightful way round . 
