David , Do you know of any FAQ that would allow a Linux newbie like me to setup sendmail for mail relaying from a DMZ as you described ? Right now I am thinking of installing a SonicWall/DMZ and need to make a decision on whether I should let SMTP trough the FW to my Exchange server ( dont like the thought ) or using relay , but dont want to put a NT box into my DMZ just for relaying when a linux box does the same better and cheaper. I have some experience with setting up Linux as a DNS and web server in a lab environment , but sendmail makes me shiver . Thanks , Daniel Sidler to reply via e-mail , remove xxxs from address. Say no to spam. Gregg , With sonicwall/10 ( w/o DMZ ) I think you can just open one port ( SMTP ) to the mail server through the firewall. This does allow anyone to exploit any hole they find in the MS Exchange IMC , but the rest of the services on the exchange machine should be blocked. Personally , what I do is run use a dual homed web server ( IIS4 ) which is connected outside the firewall ( and has nothing useful on it ) to relay mail. IIS4 includes a very limited SMTP mail server service which I have set up to relay mail to our domain ( it will not relay any other domains ) . Our DNS MX entry points to the relay machine. Since all mail is immediately relayed to the exchange server , the relay machine never has any mail ( other than a small queue ) on it and it has no user accounts on it. You may want to put together a cheap linux or Windows system that relays mail from outside the firewall to accept/send mail. There appear to be plenty of free/cheap SMTP mail servers available. That way if it becomes compromised there is not much there worthwhile. includes a built in email proxy that does this ( but it is more expensive than sonicwall and you have to supply the hardware ) . David Abrams We have a single NT4 ( SP5 ) LAN server running file&print , Exch 5.5 sp2 ( uses ETRN on IMC to retrieve from ISP - works great ) , IIS4 ( intranet only ) using Wingate 3.0.5 and 56k modem as DOD router/firewall. We are now moving to DSL and therefor needing a real firewall solution. We have MSProxy v2 license available and are considering using SonicWall-10 also. ( Stateful inspection & proxy cache ? ) . 1 - Is this a recommended solution ? 2 - How are we best to connect the Exchange server without putting it outside the firewall ( DMZ ) ? Is this possible ? 
