After I claimed time was at least in part a result of human psychology , since our minds were involved in the " perception of time " , No , it means that the ability/capability of perceiving time is a result of human mentality. But , in agreement with an earlier part of your statement above , time itself is " something out there " . Yeah , good point. I was sloppy about the distinction between " actual physically out there time " and " humanly perceived time " and it is a sloppiness that is damnably hard to get around. I kinda expect that some day , a very clever dude is going to propose something a bit like the quantum mechanical restriction that observation effects the observed , but in the context of time. Our observation of fundamental particles , changes them . might our consciousness of the passage of time effect well SOMETHING , but what ? GaryFostel- I stand by my theory that there are two and maybe three Time dimensions. Lets call absolute time , T1 , and relative time T2. Humans have an internal psychological sensor that detects T2. T1 doesnt move. All its values exist like an infinite measuring stick in space. Rocks and other animals dont generally sense T2. Our clocks , using physical properties , tick according to dT2/dT1 , the rate of change of relative time , wrt T1. They continually integrate this to read T2. As with lengths , one hour of T2 has been calibrated , BY US , as being identical to one hour of T1 and therefore appears to be the SAME quantity. That is the source of all the mystery and confusion about TIME. As a spatial analogy , whether we move ten metres upwards or ten metres sideways , we still end up ten metres from where we started. With time , if we add ten hours to our T1 coordinate or ten hours to our T2 coordinate , either our bodies or our minds age , but it makes little difference in the long run , except that T2 does not appear to increase during sleep or coma. We are physically conceived , lifeless , at a particular T1 , and our bodies , like all physical things , change according to T1. Our consciousness , like life itself , is a portrayal of relationships between T1 , T2 and dT2/dT1 and goes off on a tangent. Get it ? 
