Using the RSU methid , the installation of IBMs latest FixPack release ( FP12 ) was a piece of cake this morning. Here it has turned into a nightmare. I got increasingly bizarre error messages and the system is now totally wedged. HOW DO I BACK OUT of a fixpack from the text-mode command line accessible early at boot time ? The system wont go any further. More detailed history and symptoms : The system started at FP11 and has a new CDRW ( SCSI ) that replaces a CDROM ( IDE ) , but that configuration was working for 2 days prior to FP12. The RSU installation went as far as the reboot. First problem was that it announced that device VCSHDD.SYS was bad. Pressing " enter " lets the process continue , and all the other device drivers load , but then the system comes to a crashing halt ( C-A-D does not work ) with the message that : " The file PMMERGE-PMVIOP.122 specified in the PROTSHELL statement on line 2 of the CONFIG.SYS file does not contain a valid program. Line 2 is ignored. System stopped. " Now , the CONFIG.SYS does not contain any such nonsense , its line 2 is the perfectly normal PROTSHELL = C : \ OS2 \ PMSHELL.EXE I would rather not have to reinstall everything from the beginning ! Pierre The Cucumbers " Total Vegetility " is out ! Pawnshops " Three Brass Balls " is out ! RAW Kinders " CD EP " is out ! Gosh , Pierre , I dunno. Trevor Hemsley is an absolute expert in this area. I just finished several hours with a Warp City member who is finally back online. He had upgraded to FP12 without a problem then tried the beta release of SDD and it it screwed up video. He didnt want to but had no other recourse but to reinstall OS/2 from scratch. Once reinstalled he tried upgrading to FP12 and hit a trap error and the system would not go on any further. He couldnt back out the FP12 so he reinstalled again and posted in the setup newsgroup. There Trevor advised he rem out the sound card statement and try again. By then he had contacted me and I advised he upgrade the sound card driver before upgrading to FP12 again. He did that then tried FP12 and it worked. Before starting that RSU IBM should offer a small Uninstall program for download just in case. The WC member was so frustrated he was ready to throw in the OS/2 towel. Trevor is here : Tim . 
