In other words : " I am not going to even try to look it up because I might find something I dont want to know. " Actually , I did do a few searches a couple days ago. I was just waiting to see if you would come up with anything before I laid the results on you. I searched several engines. I came up with only one example of a " hate crime " allegedly faked by blacks to gain sympathy reported in reputable news media. It occurred in Ohio. One other such faked crime , supposedly against a crossdresser , was not particularly credible ( there was the little problem that there was no suspect and no victim , because the " victim " ran away before police could question him ) . Not surprisingly , several racist and anti-Semitic pages ( incluing Hoffmans newsletter ) popped up here and there , but I discount those out of hand. I was looking for reliable sources. Also , specifically , I failed to find a single piece demonstrating that the FAMU bombing was faked. It has been asserted that " many " hate crimes are " faked " to gain sympathy and publicity and implied that the FAMU bombings were also " faked. " I could find only one credible example of a faked hate crime reported from a reliable source. ( Even in that case there has not been a conviction yet , and it is not certain that there will be. ) The assertion has been made that there are " many , " and you keep saying to " look it up. " Well , I did " look it up. " Maybe I did or maybe I didnt use good search strategies or the right search engines. it is possible I missed something , but the fact that only one convincing page came up makes me think that there probably arent that many examples of faked hate crimes , because when I search for a topic or incident for which there are many examples I usually get deluged in web pages. If you want to prove your point , it is now up to you to come up with the evidence that there are " many " faked hate crimes. If you cant , we can reasonably assume that all your bluster in telling people to " go look it up " and taunting people that they cant use search engines was just thatbluster , designed to distract attention from the fact that either you dont know what you are talking about , have no evidence , or are too lazy to present any evidence. Orac | " A statement of fact can not be insolent. " Orac a.k.a. | David Gorski | " If you can not listen to the answers , why do you | inconvenience me with questions ? " Orac again 
