I like that idea. Maybe we can drum up support for reclassifications along the lines of Professional Correction Officers Amatuer Correction Officers Counting Guards GOON Enforcers I can even " see " the uniforms and related " gear " grin LOTS OF LOVE MAX The " professional " tag is bullshit. A corrections officer is not a professional. He is a worker. You may call him a skilled , or semi skilled worker , but he is a worker , an employee. He is not a doctor , a dentist , a lawyer , a registered nurse , a psychologist , or an executive. He is not a professional. Most of the time that term is used as a psychological weapon against the correction officer by convicts , management and others , and frankly , I am sick of hearing it. Maybe I will start answering some of the singles classifieds , where the lady advertizes for a " professional male " , and I will tell her what I do for a living , and how much I make a year , and I will post some of the responses. That should be good for a few laughs , and will shed some light on what a professional really is. SOUP , I appreciate your modesty , and refusal to accept the " psycho-babble " so popular today , where garbagemen have become " sanitary engineers " , and secretaries are " office administrators " . I feel the same about the constant re-engineering of titles to improve their connotations. However , " professional " has other meanings. A professional is one who is paid for using his special skills , thus the difference between " professional " and " amateur " athletes. Also remember the quote ( I forget where I heard it ) " A professional does his job even when he doesnt feel like doing it " . I think it is appropriate to call you a " professional correctional officer " . By way of comparison , you might consider how you would feel about working with " amateur correctional officers " . g Bill Lets replace that idiotic " Do the crime , do the time " with that old timer that went " LET THE PUNISHMENT FIT THE CRIME " Another one " DONT MAKE A FEDERAL CASE OUT OF IT " © 1999 by Wings Of An Angel 
