Gosh , Pierre , I dunno. Trevor Hemsley is an absolute expert in this area. I just finished several hours with a Warp City member who is finally back online. He had upgraded to FP12 without a problem then tried the beta release of SDD and it it screwed up video. He didnt want to but had no other recourse but to reinstall OS/2 from scratch. Once reinstalled he tried upgrading to FP12 and hit a trap error and the system would not go on any further. He couldnt back out the FP12 so he reinstalled again and posted in the setup newsgroup. There Trevor advised he rem out the sound card statement and try again. By then he had contacted me and I advised he upgrade the sound card driver before upgrading to FP12 again. He did that then tried FP12 and it worked. Before starting that RSU IBM should offer a small Uninstall program for download just in case. The WC member was so frustrated he was ready to throw in the OS/2 towel. Trevor is here : Now this is neat. First starting of ( and fully justified that is ) telling someone Trevor is the real expert. Then telling that you have wor- ked with an WC-member for hours. Trevor did advise him , but your advise was something else , yours was followed and voila it worked. Neatly implying that Trevor was wrong without proving it , because his advice might have worked also. BTW therre is some info on soundcards and FP12 in the readme. As well as for Pierre about IBMDASD not to be used from the fixpack if asked. But that is not the point I am writing this. Af- ter implying that Trevor was wrong ( and obviously not wanting to give help here to Pierre for that many hours he worked with this WC-mmber ) Tim simply gives Pierre the email-adresses of Trevor. Ever thought of net-etiquette Tim ? If some poster puts a question here and Trevor does not chime in ( for reasons which are competely to HIS sole discretion ) , who on earth is Tim Martin then to send the or- iginal poster to Trevors mailbox. Puting Trevor into the awkward position to decide to push the poster off or to step over the reasons why he choose not to chime in over here. Regards from Leeuwarden Peter van Dobben de Bruijn 
