( hence your various medications ) What the fuck are you talking about ? All the drugs you were ( are ? ) on to quell the looniness inside your addled brain. We both know your history of mental illness. You know how I know , too. Leave it at that for your own sake. you are right , Artie. Everyone who makes a lot of money is really smart , and everyone who does not is really stupid. I saw it on Mr. Show ! For proof , I can point to Trisha , Mia , I never called either one of them a whore. You are a liar. The difference between you and I is that I no longer feel a need to get negative attention through this behavior. Here are some other differences : I have never been kicked out of a band. I have never been beaten up by anyone in my band. I am not sexually attracted to men. I have actual friends. I have never called a girl a whore or a slut for not wanting to hang out with me. I have never been on medication. Why else do you think so many people want to kick the shit out of you ? As far as I know , you are the only one. There are at least two others , both of whom post to this newsgroup on occasion and are alot more intimidating than me. We both know that will never happen. Only because its unlikely we will meet in person ever again. I am past the point of trying to arrange such an event. But I will NEVER grow weary of hating you. No , we met because Sean Fenly asked me if I would do an Indecision/Silent Majority show , which entailed contacting you. ] Granted , but we have grown so close through the years thanks to our posting habits and mutual dislike for one another , true ? it is not like you come here to be informed about " hardcore. " True , but I dont come here to try to instigate internet battles , either. OK then. Why do you come here ? it is not like anyone here likes you any more than I do. I am very curious. no matter how much time passes , your hatred for me never dies down. I think thats pretty funny. So do I ! At least we see eye to eye on something. another fascinating and insightful post from ARTIE PHILIE c/o WreckAge & Exit records p.o. box 263 , New York , NY 10012 " Oh , cursed trousers ! " -Fyodor Dostoevsky 
