The short answer is that BA/2 is a poorly written unreliable puddle of excriment. The long answer is NEVER trust a " utility " vendor that oohs and aaahs over how pretty its screens are and never ever instructions you on the correct method of doing a backup. The only correct method of doing a backup is to boot from alternate media ( like utility floppies ) and backup while no files are open on any of the drives you wish to backup. In the trades this is known as an image backup because it is a TRUE image of the drive as it is. Return the piece of sht you have and obtain a copy of BackupWiz from PCX software. A MUCH more reliable backup package , and it ships with an older copy of BOOTOS2 going to great length to instruct you that this is the only method any software can use to get reliable backups. There is nothing you can really do to recover from this. Your backup solution simply doesnt work. Roland I received Back Again/2 , installed it with no problem , did a back up with little problem , and tried to do a restore with some problems. : ) I seem to remember when I was wandering through the back up discussion archives that there was some talk about files that dont get backed up because they are open , or cant be restored for a similar reason. I am having that problem now. When I did a full back up on my C : drive ( OS/2 Warp 4 FP10 ) , there were about four or five files it said it couldnt open , so I had it skip them. Then when I tried doing a full restore of all the files , there is a whole log full of tons of files that couldnt be restored because they couldnt be opened. I have read the manual , but it is pretty spare on talking about this sort of thing. I havent gotten to the web site yet , but I was just there a few days ago , and there wasnt much there. Is there any way I can get it to restore all the files ? Do I need to do it from a command line ? Siobhan Perricone PC Technician Alltel Information Services ( I only speak for myself , not for Alltel ) Before you buy. MR/2 Internet Cruiser 1.52 For a Microsoft free univers 
