I run FreeBSD quite heavily , and I can see where FreeBSD and Linux could be a benefit to each other. Both are free , open source UNICES. I believe that FreeBSD is just as important to the OSS movement as Linux. Many Linuxers would have you believe that this isnt necessarily the case , since FreeBSD isnt nearly as popular as Linux. But , this is OK. I am primarily a Linux advocate , but bear no ill will toward FreeBSD whatsoever. It too is a great free OS , with most of the same strengths as Linux as well as a few of its own. Either is light years ahead of NT in any kind of a server role. I would differ from some of the rabidly anti-GPL folks , because I think both the GPL and the more BSD-like licenses both have their place in the free software movement. But I think that FreeBSD is a benefit to Linux , and vice versa. I agree completely. Neither OS could have become what it is today without the other. I only wish there as more of a spirit of friendly competition and cooperation between the two camps. I dont understand the anomosity I sometimes witness between them. As best I can tell , it is completely unjustified. For example , FreeBSD would never have had the massive amount of free software ( such as xemacs , WindowMaker , gcc , to name a few ) if it werent for the demand for this software created by people running Linux to begin with. OTOH , having BSD in addition to Linux might create just enough of a free UNIX user base that companies would decide to port their software to Linux. True. Another important point is that there is a huge amount of BSD-licensed software in any useful Linux distribution. The BSD license is arguably freer in many ways than is the GPL , although inherent in that freedom is the risk that a Microsoft or some other large company might make the code proprietary , while changing the standards embodied by it making free software incompatible with what most people are using. The GPL is designed primarily to prevent this , while preserving every other kind of freedom possible , and it seems to work pretty well so far. Joe 
