I currently run Win98 on a stand alone system at home. I have 128mgs of RAM and it is a P3 550. I want to switch to a more powerful operating system. I have used NT before and liked it , but I have been reading a lot about OS2 and Linux recently. I have a couple of questions : 1 ) I am a fairly technically apt person , but I am not a technical professional. Which of these will probably be easiest to install ? My judgment is that Linux is still the most difficult to install & get all the necessary services running. And NT the easiest. 2 ) Regardless of which system I choose , will I need to reformat the hard drive first , or will if I choose NT will I be able to install on top of Win98 ? You do have the option of buying PARTITION MAGIC which will allow you to shrink your current partition & create free space & then create a new partition for your new OS. That assumes your present partition is not completely filled with files that you are unwilling to give up. 3 ) Will OS2 and Linux run Window applications like MS Office , Quicken as well as lesser known applications ? OS2 will run old WIN 3.1 applications very well , but not WIN95 or WIN98 or WINNT aplications. Microsoft tries to force or encourage independent software vendors to make their products compatible with the all Windows OSes , but many dont. If an old Windows App was not designed specifically to be WINNT compatible , it likely will not be. Linux has only very limited compatibility with any Win Apps although there has been an effort to create that compatibility for years. Linux does come with lots of its own software though. 4 ) Can OS2 and Linus rund new SCSI controllers , scanners , monitors , modems , network cards as easily as Microsoft ? OS2 depends mostly on hardware vendors to write drivers compatible with OS2. Fewer & fewer now do that as OS2 loses market share. If you choose OS2 you need to make a careful selection of a video adaptor card in particular. Nearly all hardware vendors write drivers for WINNT as well as other WINs because thats where the market is. Linux depends on individual volunteers to write drivers & they do that very well because there are a great many of them & they personally own a great variety of new & old hardware that they want to run under Linux. 4 ) If I decide on NT , would I be better off waiting for Windows 2000 ? I would personally wait at this point. Any feedback would be greatly appreciated. Thanks Walt 
