DEAR COMEDY DEVIL : You are apparently hitting the " new post " button on your browser when replying to messages on A REAL PROOF OF GOD. You should be hitting the " Reply " or " reply to group " button no wonder you have beenm complaining about not getting any answers from me. Please post to A REAL PROOF OF GOD so that I can find your messages. In the meantime I have a few replies below : Cant believe this Georgie-porgie.are you STOOPID ? Julian Jaynes ideas was anti-Cartesian you dipshit. He ascribed the rise of religion to different functions of L and R hemispheresvoices in the head to be precise. Penrose ascribed consciousness to possible quantum actions in the brain ( ie no non-computational algorithm ) NOT " god " . Your theory is unfasifiable. [ Hammond ] Clearly not so since it is based on 100 years of experiemental psychometry data. fact is it has already been confirmed. Since any theory which has been confirmed is unfalsifiable your statement confirms my theory. You have not answered my questions which quite frankly are first year Psych questions. You fail to even justify the thought process that led you to this theory. You quote references and sources which seem only to justify your theory and miss out the parts which are inconvenient.and the most unforgivable.you fail to describe/note any experiment/lab work to support your theory. [ Hammond ] What are you talking about there are 75 bibliographic citations at the end of my published paper. what are you ; out in Left Field. ? you even miss the bleedin obvious.Cartesian dualism isnt even credible anymore as a Psych theory [ Hammond ] ] You dont know the difference between the Cartesian Coordinate System and Cartesian Dualism how did you get a PhD. ? .you fail to mention other notables in this field such as Hebdige and Deutscheyou miss quote Penrose.shall I go on ? Or am I one of the 50 % that you just ignore because they dont agree with you ? [ Hammond ] You are totally uninformed about the theory through laziness I would guess. but assume you have a liscense to sput opinions irregardless. who do you think you are kidding you think I am an amateur kid you can snow ? ? Post some real science. Then we can have a heated debate. Ron [ Hammond ] I have posted the real science at you are a PhD psychologist and I dont thing you know the difference between an eigenvalue and a secod order factor. George Hammond , M.S. Physics 
