They said the Macedonians are not Hellenes. Todays Greeks claim that the ancient Macedonians were Greek. Should we listen to todays Greek propagandists telling us what happened 2500 years ago , or should we accept the viewpoint of the ancient Hellenes who clearly stated that the Macedonians were not Hellenes ? You are a liar ilindra ! All the ancient historians in fact said that the Macedonians were Hellenes. You produce ONE ancient historian who says they were not ! For just one example of the opposite to what you said look at this : For fair use only Polybios 38.1-3.8 The 38th book contains the completion of the disaster of the Hellenes. For though both the whole of Hellas and her several parts had often met with mischance , yet to none of her former defeats can we more fittingly apply , the name of disaster with all it signifies than to the events of my own time. .In the time I am speaking of a common misfortune befell the Peloponnesians , the Boiotians , the Fokians , the [ Eub ] oians , the Lokrians , some of the cities on the Ionian Gulf , and finally the Macedonians. " IT MEANS I insult YOU and your knowledge of the English language and basically am treating YOU as the fool you are. Also , do not be deceived by my contempt for your intelligence- for that is exactly what it is. As you see above , the Hellenes who had the common disaster in Polybios own time are listed as : " the Peloponnesians , the Boiotians , the Fokians , the [ Eub ] oians , the Lokrians , some of the cities on the Ionian Gulf , and finally the Macedonians " So ilindra , the question is why would you bother lying inthe first place. You are either more dim-witted than you already appear or you are a donkey. Which is it ? ! No , even today you can not believe the Greeks. When the Greeks occupied Aegean Macedonia in 1913 No Aegean Macedonia , just Turkish vilayets which were freed from the occupation of the Turks. Now , if I catch you lying again , Galina will have hell to pay. Get it ? ) from : Spirit Of The Real Makedon ( using Junes e-mail to communicate to you ) ! The heart of Macedonia was always Greek 
