Or maybe instead just add a regular room , an addition of about 9X14 outside the sliding door from the living room with about a 5x5 roll off section section . Jezzz , would that be big enough ? Maybe I could put french doors in place of the slider to stop or try to stop heat from moving into the new addition and up through the 5x5 slide away opening. Is this a mistake ? Should I just keep dragging the 10 " sct outside ? Wife is for the addition and little observatory room. It would be nice to just walk from my little living room into the new addition just outside the slider and start using the scope. Would a 5x5 be big enough opening ? I guess I would have to raise the floor around pier as the scope would have to be at about 6 1/2 or 7 tall to get even with the roll off section ? Any suggestions , advice or warnings ? I live in a warm climate of the SW USA and have mucho light pollution , about 30 mi SE of LA however my neighborhood and my backyard where I am thinking of adding on to is a very dark area and yard , and access to polaris and is generally all south facing. Or would I be better off leveling off a 8X8 area of the hillside out behind the house and build a separate roll-off roof ? I am not thrilled with working on the side of a hill. Anyone been there done that ? See yea. Dan The separate building would be a much better observatory. You would be working inside the observatory , which would have a level floor. Building it , you would have to deal with the slope , however. I have seen good work done through what amounts to a skylight. You simply have to work only on the piece of sky that passes by your window. 5x5 would be small , I think. I would think on the attached room , you would want more ventilation openings , or it could take a long time to cool down. You would definitely want to be able to shut it off from the rest of the house. Or keep the house at constant outside temperature. here is a link to a whole list of observatories people have made , you can go look at what others did. Think through the design carefully. Walt 
