My guess is that they have a spectrum analyzer in FM radio band range , and they measure relative signal strengths of different LO frequencies. Knowing that one frequency is , for instance , have 10 time amplitude of the other , you can say that 10 times more radios tuned to a certain station , if traffic is heavy and many cars are within " detection radius " of the device. You can also count cars and make certain assumptions about what percentage of cars have radio on , and which percentage has radio with " leaky " LO. Here is your numerical answer. I would think that accuracy of such measurements is very poor , but it is probably better then alternatives. The rest is marketing. I am guessing here , but I do not believe that this system can work with anything but heavy traffic. Considering speed of cars and fairly small rf leakage of car radios , you need a fair amount of time to pull rf signal out of the noise ( scan rate on spectrum analyzer , for instance ) , and each individual car will be far enough away before scan is complete to be detectable. So , you need a constant flow of cars , so whole traffic can be treated as large radio transmitter working on many frequencies , with different amplitudes on different frequencies. The results will also be skewed toward people with cheap radios. The guys in expensive luxury cars would have lot less leaky radios , and so they listening habits would count less. Anyway , I dont think that anything miraculous is happening here , or that " Big Brother " is listening , but I could be wrong. Mike. Thanks , Mike , this is what I was looking for and I agree. First of all , I have never really checked the field strength of my radios over the years but unless it was an old tube set from the 60s , I cant imagine it getting out of 20 range or so ( I am going to have to play with this ) . I am intriqued about this , having heard about it from a Radio GM and seeing their ad in Radio World magazine. Like I say Mike , I agree with you but if there is anyone out there who can defend them ( you ought to see their " ad " ) , please enlighten us. Before you buy . 
