last night i listened to a dramatization of h. g. wellss " the time machine " on the 1950s radio show " escape " , currently in repeats on station knx in los angeles. before the main trip to the year 100,080 ( i think it was ) , the guy who invented the time machine took his friend on a demonstration trip , travelling just 23 hours into the future. the two guys entered the time machine , the machine made a humming sound for about a second , and then the inventor guy had his friend look at the watch he was wearing and notice that it said 11 am whereas just before they entered the time machine it had said 12 noon. am i confused here or does this make no sense whatsoever ? this is the kind of time travel logic i expect from danny dunn rather than from h. g. wells. did this logic really come from wellss story , or was it as seems more likely introduced by the radio script-writer ? i just checked a project gutenberg copy of " the time machine " . in the original the time traveller detects the passage through time by looking not at a watch worn by someone inside the time machine , but at a clock in the laboratory in which the time machine is sitting. also as kibo noted the main trip in the original is to the 803rd millenium , not the 101st. tonight i listened to the lux radio theatre one hour condensed version of " kiss of death " , with victor mature , richard widmark , and colleen gray reprising their roles from the original movie. the scene where tommy udo pushes mrs. rizzo down the stairs occurs offstage in this version. I read this , wondered and then I realised : it is the fault of the people who yell all the time - they have stolen mr. james dolans Capital Letters ! If you need any , mail me. I have got whole bunch of them somewhere in my basement. " For there are only two worlds - your world , which is the real world , and other worlds , the Fantasy. Worlds like this are worlds of human imagination : Their reality , or lack of reality , are no important. What is important is that they are there. These worlds provide an alternative. Provide an escape. Provide a threat. Provide a dream , and power , provide refuge , and pain. They give your world meaning. They do not exist ; and thus they are all that matters " - Titania , Queen of Faerie , " Books of Magic " AVB , who never liked fish in the first place. remove BLAHHHH ( obvious , isnt it ? ) to email me . 
