Thats true , Sharon , but I am not the one trying to get everyone to see the face of God when he looks at a convict. All I am asking you to do is to apply the same righteousness to both sides of the fence. CO/LEOs are human beings also. We have feelings , we make mistakes , we do things right , we feel frustration , and we feel joy just like everyone else. It seems everyone gets that " humans can make mistakes " unless you wear a badge for a living , then we are supposed to be more professional and/or distanced than to fall prey to that. Ravage The three greatest things in life : To crush your enemies To see them driven before you And to hear the lamentations of their women -Conan the Barbarian I dont have to have a son or daughter working in corrections in order to have empathy for the job prison employees do anymore than I have to have a son or a daughter working at the car plant in order to empathize with the auto workers , Ravage. I dont have to have a loved one incarcerated in order to empathize with the prisoners anymore than I have to have lost a loved one to crime in order to empathize with the victims family. There is absolutely nothing wrong with hoping that I would behave God-like if I were faced with a tragic loss. you are right , I have fortunately never been in a situation like that and by the Grace of God I never will be , but I pray that if it were to happen God would give me the strength to handle it in a God-like manner. So it is not in your job description to see God in the face of prisoners , so what ? That doesnt mean you cant do it. You are so blessed to be in a daily situation where you have the opportunity to show compassion to those whom many would call the least of us. it is a piece of cake to be nice and pleasant to people who are okay-dokey by our standards , but it is the real test of an individuals worth to be able to behave with loving kindness when confronted with those who are despicable in our eyes. Your quip about not judging others that you tossed at me ? I am not the only one who fails at it , sunshine , you do too from the tone of your post ( s ) . 
