On comp.os.ms-windows.advocacy , void posted : IE was and is a buggy piece of shit. False. There has never been any serious open source browser to compete with Netscape or IE , both of which suck boulders through garden hoses. And there probably never will be. The problem with open source software is that there is no money in it. Speaking from experience - programmers like to eat , have a house , car , etc. I dont want to spend months of my life working on a software product and then just give it away. You think that Red Hat isnt free because it is sold in shrink wrap for $ 50 , and you want to talk about Open Source as if you know something ? Take a hike , Mr. Speaking From Experience , nobody wants to discuss the future of open source with someone who wouldnt know it if it bit him on the leg. I am sorely disappointed in your reaction. Explain to the man. He has a first impression that often hit is someone when looking in on the open source community. Anyway Dave : RedHat and these other corps that create linux distros make money off packaging a conveniently shrink wrapped linux version for you with quick start guides etc and they also offer you tech support as a part of the purchase agreement. OTOH , if you buy a $ 2 CD , then you only have a CD and you are on your own. No-one is obligated to help you with anything. An enterprise will not use an operating system where there isnt a source of reliable and competent tech support. RedHat is one of the suppliers of this tech support for a fee. What do they do with the money for these tech support charges ? Well they put food on the table and also employ developers to enhance their distro to make it even more appealing to the public/enterprises who are interested in deploying linux. This is the source of fuel for the development of , for example , KDE and Gnome. So , in the end , their current customers are happy with the enhancements , they attract new customers and the whole OSS community benefits from these enhancements. Apply these principles to other OSS and this is how money can be made off OSS. Am I right void ? Or do you have anything to add ? = Ali M. = - 
