No , Sharon , it gives me no pleasure. I just think its so simple to think about what we HOPE we might do , as opposed to what we really do. I dont know what your background is , Sharon , or what motivates your interest in this group. I doubt very seriously that it is a son or daughter who works in Corrections , though. If that were the case , youd know that we dont " treat " convicts. We may interact with them. We may make them follow the rules. But we dont " treat " them , and we certainly dont go looking for God in their faces. You want to characterize my attack on that asshole as " rabid " then so be it. For the next 20 or so years we get to listen to this piece of whale shit cry about his Constitutional Rights while he desperately tries to wriggle free of his inexorable , relentless date with the executioner. Human rights ? Compassion ? Love ? Care ? Understanding ? Sure. I will give as much as he gave his victim. As far as regular convicts doing regular time go , you might be surprised at my relationship with them , Sharon. So dont sit in judgement of me. I believe it was your God who said , " Let he who is without sin cast the first stone. " Ravage The three greatest things in life : To crush your enemies To see them driven before you And to hear the lamentations of their women -Conan the Barbarian If , God forbid , Ravage , something that horrible were to happen to one of my loved ones , I pray that God would give me the grace to remember that the person who harmed them was a child of God , too. Carrying on a rabid hate fest would do me no good. It would not bring me peace of mind , or my loved one back. It would not comfort me in my loss. You , me , or anyone else , we dont have to like the people who do bad things , but we must love them because God made them in His/Her image and likeness , just as He/She made us. And , as such , we must treat them with dignity and respect. In your line of work , Ravage , you are are given opportunities daily to see the face of God in those who are entrusted to your care and custody. You are truly blessed because you have so many chances to treat people who have made mistakes with care , concern and compassion. If it makes you feel better , Ravage , to make fun of me or attempt to humiliate me because of my take on life , well so be it. I am a strong woman and I can take it . 
