What do you prefer 1 ton of ice coming on your building at 100m/s or 1M , 1gr pieces at the same velocity , but seperately ? [ Forgot the correct name for such ice fragments in english ] The same will be for 1Ton bomb vs 1M , 1gr TNT fragments. What do you think will do more damage in a city ? A single 100 Ton bomb or thousand 100 kg bombs , scattered across the city ? It is the second , not the first. You are right. [ though , never heared on 100 Ton bomb. Neither did I , that was a thought experiment only. I noted you used " only " 1000 as a scale. ] Yeah. Anyway , what I really wanted to illustrate is that " destructiveness " is not a simple , monotonic function. If youve a given amount of " destructive energy " available , maximal destruction level will be obtained when you subdivide it into packets of size sufficient to destroy or severely damage an individual target. If the packets are significantly larger than that you get an overkill and total destruction is reduced ( since there are fewer energy packets ) . Smaller than that , and the destruction is reduced again. Thus the issue of " what is the target ? " enters into this. In the case of the comet I would distinguish between surface destruction ( wiping out towns , forests etc. ) and seismic destruction where the hits are sufficiently powerful to crack Earth crust and cause earth quakes and vulcanic activity. A switch with your permition. In a privious post you were addressing vaguely to the predicted ejecta as optimistic. I wonder if you can elaborate whether you can actually estimate a crater size/shape vs velocity , mass , shape , energy release rate , impact cross section , target material and structure ? If you have some rule of a thumb for such estimation please post or mail. An upper and lower barriers/limits are welcome too. I really dont know how to do it. An extremely complex problem , for sure. I would guess that military must have some information to the effect , if only empirical one. . To my knowledge , no such impact scale was ever directly observed and measured in real time. Other that. All the non-military data , involves highly extrapolated calculations on small scale experiments or on simplifications to enable computation. Then it is the military data thats needed. Mati Meron | " When you argue with a fool , chances are he is doing just the same " 
