here is my five cents : 1 ) Linux is free , as are all of its applications. if you want to learn c , you can customize it to your hearts content. the only thing you pay for in Linux is the nice packaging and support. it is entirely legal to copy someone elses disk. you can run a program called star office , which is an MS clone , and is compatible with MS office documents. also free. nt and win2k are freaking expensive , the full version of ntw4 is at least 200 bucks ( Canadian ) . 2 ) the driver support for Linux is not complete. of course it is also not complete for nt or win2k , but is better for nt at least. check the hardware compatibility lists for each os and your hardware. win98 probably has the best hardware compatibility , although nt isnt bad if you dont want to worry about having certified drivers. 3 ) the application support is best on win98 , as it will play the most games , and 16 bit apps. most games will not play on nt , or if they do , will play much better on 98 due to better directx support. 4 ) win98 crashes like a Hungarian bus on the Italian alps in February. nt is very stable if you have certified hardware and drivers , and dont fuck around with it regularly like I do. I have heard Linux is incredibly stable. read an article about a guy that has run it for over 2 years without a stall. 5 ) win98 sets up like a pair of silk panties. very smooth. nt isnt bad either , but takes a bit of tweaking. I had to manually install my sound and video drivers , and the plug n play service. I heard BeOS has the best set-up program. 6 ) personally , I have a dual boot system , with win98 for games , nt for real work. since I am not in a mission critical enterprise , I will probably upgrade to win2k as soon as the final release comes out. I say this because of that old rule if it aunt broke dont fix it , and upgrading to win2k from an operating nt4 system would be foolhardy in a mission critical enterprise. unless the risks of a more user friendly os outweigh the risks of using a new , less-extensively tested one . 
