GP On 06 Oct 99 -0500 , " Timothy Rue " As far as giving away ideas and such , thats what sell out do , theives also , when they put on the act of giving away that which is not their work as though it is. Which can put other at risk. Think about it and maybe get back to the subject. GP You are such a blathering idiot , you didnt even read what I GP The people doing the giving away are the ones with the ideas , GP hoping they will find their way into code or products of someone GP who knows how to do those things. GP If I have an idea and want to pass that to olaf or dave and they GP elect to use it , I send them a letter of thanks for taking my GP idea and turning it into something useful. GP There is no thievery there ! Take the shot Timmy . Well then , you are an idiot and a sell out supporting the spoiled brat of the computer industry. Why , because I and many others do something you wont ? Who is REALLY the spoiled brat Timmy ? Do you really think MS figured all they have out for themselves ? Sorry , this doesnt make sense as written and I dont do interpretations so you get no answer to this one. But they are sure to claim it and even charge the consumer for the ideas the consumer " gives " them. If consumers wish to " give " ideas to MS , that is their right. Why does it matter to you. Some people feel that is a form of support they can offer. Hmmm , and how unoriginal are the ideas you are claiming is yours ? Or are you just a theif passing along your takings ? Use your spell checker Buffy. I dont have to take from others , nor do I have to make wild accusations that people have " stolen " from me . It cant get much clearer that you have no integrity. Why do posts from you remind me instantly of a lobotomized flatworm writing with his tail ? BTW , I " stole " the " lobotomized flatworm " part from a friend of mine just to enhance your belief that I have no integrity Gary Peake , TAC-OwlNet.Net Team AMIGA Central We provide free web sites for small developers Sometimes you are the windshield , sometimes you are the bug ! 
