Dont you get it boy ? Isnt the sig file below enough to burst your bubble ? You want to discuss your sig file again ? Well , if you really insist : Josif Absurdity repeated his SPAM again " Ancient Macedonians looked down upon the Hellenes with contempt The dislike was reciprocal , for the Macedonians have grown into a proud masterful nation which with highly developed national consciousness looked down upon the Hellenes with contempt " Ulrich Wilcken. Wilcken ? 1 ) The Kings of Macedonia passed with the Greeks as Hellenes since Alexander I was accepted into the Olympic games. 2 ) " And yet when we take into account the political conditions , religion and morals of the Macedonians , our conviction is strengthened that they were a Greek race and akin to the Dorians. Having stayed behind in the extreme north , they were unable to participate in the progressive civilization of the tribes which went further south , and so , when in the time of the Persian Wars they emerged to them as non-Greeks , as barbarians. " " The Colonels , as it happened , promoted Alexander as a Greek hero , especially to army recruits : The Greeks of the fourth century B.C. , to whom Alexander was a half-Macedonian , half-Epirote barbarian conqueror , would have found this metamorphosis as ironic as I did. " Peter Green [ Alexander of Macedon ] Peter Green ? " As the result of some subterranean upheaval , a spring near the city boiled up like a geyser , spewing forth a bronze tablet inscribed with ancient symbols - perhaps some long-lostex-voto offering. For any diviner with his wits about him , this must have come as a godsend. Aristander duly interpreted the mysterious inscription : it said ( and who was to contradict him ? ) that ` the empire of the Persians would one day be destroyed by the Greeks and come to an end. Much encouraged , Alexander set off again , in an easterly direction this time , by the coast road as far as Phoenice ( Finike ) , and thence across the Chelidonian peninsula to Phaselis. " Page 202 Now tell us Josif If Alexander did not consider himself a Greek why was he encouraged and why didnt he execute Aristander for daring to say the Greeks instead of Macedonians ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ) from : Spirit Of The Real Makedon ( using Junes e-mail to communicate to you ) ! The heart of Macedonia was always Greek 
