[ snip ] Luckily for us in the FreeBSD camp , though , it is not as popular as Linux. That sort of makes FBSD immune to Microsofts FUD campaign , which is aimed squarely at Linux because of its popularity. Linux is taking the heat of the MS vs. Free Software competition. For example , when has MS ever complained about FBSD taking over their " territory " ? You also never hear about MS releasing documents claiming Windows NT is better than FreeBSD. Here , Linux has the misfortune of bearing the " cross " of the free software movement. Very WELL put. Like I said before , I am not saying that people running one Free Unix should like ALL Free Unices equally just because they are running Linux , FreeBSD , etc. in fact , it is perfectly healthy to think FreeBSD sucks and Linux rules. A person cant run them both. it is OK to have preferences. ( Over in comp.unix.bsd.freebsd.misc , there is a lot of flaming going on over which is better , easier to install , easier to use , etc. ) But I think that FreeBSD is a benefit to Linux , and vice versa. For example , FreeBSD would never have had the massive amount of free software ( such as xemacs , WindowMaker , gcc , to name a few ) if it werent for the demand for this software created by people running Linux to begin with. OTOH , having BSD in addition to Linux might create just enough of a free UNIX user base that companies would decide to port their software to Linux. Most of the time , Linux software will run on FreeBSD nearly as fast as it will on Linux. In fact , I am running the Linux version of NS Communicator 4.7 on FreeBSD ( check the header. it says Linux. ) So , all companies have to do is distribute Linux binaries of their software , and they will run on FreeBSD. In fact , I believe Linux at one time had the limited capability to run FreeBSD binaries , and that this emulation is currently broken. I dont really see the need for Linux to have BSD emulation , though , because it is so much more popular than BSD. FWIW , our local Linux users group has 2 FreeBSD users which are more than welcome. The wheel is turning but the hamster is dead . 
