1 ) Download 2 ) Run/install SWGameEN.exe ( version 3.02 ) 3 ) Then copy SW3dpro.vxd to the windows system dir. Then the OS will see the game controller ! Hope this helps ! P.S. Microsoft committed a large gaffe by not including this vxd file with Win98SE. Chuck , I am waiting for my mx-300 to show-up ( ordered it , it will be here Monday I guess ) , but decided to try the drivers you mentioned above. At the moment , I am using the SB16 joystick port , which works with all joystick gear. Joystick resources are 0201-0201 , no conflicts. The link you offered above ( thanks , hell if I could find it ) , swgameen.exe is version 3.00 , not 3.02. Dunno if that matters much. Also , the sw3dpro.vxd is version 3.00 ( not 3.01 ) . After installing swgameen.exe , my dang rudders -refused- to calibrate. Got rid of the joystick update software ( restored from a backup ) , and all is fine again. Then I got to wondering ; hmm , for all my joystick-gear , I use Microsofts generic " Gameport Joystick " driver ( it is listed in System-Resources , also shows-up in the joystick-calibration screen ( in joystick-calibration , there is no other driver option ) . Since you mentioned this sw3pro.vxd , I am wondering if I should " remove " the generic Gameport-Joystick , and " add " and try this sw3pro.vxd driver ( ? ) . If so , what is the correct Joystick-name ( actually a driver ) to add ? In " add new hardware " , after installing the update file above , there are many Microsoft Sidewinder-Pro drivers to choose from. Did I miss a step ? Should I have tried a certain Microsoft JS driver ( other than " Gameport Joystick " ) ? Got ta laugh ; this joystick update " leans " ( heavily ) on setting up Microsoft joystick/pedals/etc. Adds 17mb to the hard-disk too. It would seem MS would make a " generic " joystick update. Otoh. I never installed MSs service pack 2.5 ( for OSR2 ) , as it insists- on installing IE-5 ( which is also a -very- large , proprietary browser ) . Nice update , but I use Netscape. Geez I wish someone made a Joystick update called " FTFJS " ( Force the F Joystick ) . Teehole 
