( big cut ) Since you ( e.g. , Charliew ) work for an oil company , how do you feel about what is happening in Nigeria ? .the people starving while those who run the place gather their millions/billions ( along with Shell and BP Amoco ? ) Do oil companies not have consciences ? .apparently not Do the people who work for oil companies have consciences ? I will let you answer that one. The last time I checked , it was the function of government to ensure a system of laws and procedures that allowed people to survive and prosper. Why isnt the Nigerian government taxing the oil companies in order to support its population ? Whether or not you realize it , Jean , it is the primary function of corporations to maximize their profits for their stockholders. This is more amoral than immoral , but corporations are NOT legally , ethically , or morally bound to provide for the populations of foreign governments. If you think otherwise , you are living in a fantasy world. So what happens when certain nations cry " free trade , free trade " over and over again to the WTO in order to erode government control over social matters ? What happens when consumers are duped into believing ( or willingly adopt the belief ) that the products they buy are made under acceptable conditions , when they simply arent. This Christmas , will you be buying your kids toys made in Chinese sweatshops ? If the sweatshop toy is $ 5 cheaper than the others , how about then ? I bet you wouldnt even know which is which. If corporations have no responsibility to conduct their operations in a responsible way ( environmentally , socially , and fiscally ) then we are well and truly screwed as a society. If corporations had an advertising budget of zero , then I would buy your claim that they are amoral. But when they actively promote certain behaviours in the market , they bring 1 million consumers along for the moral ride too. Corporations are responsible for the human conditions they create where they do business. One other thing . if you think the oil firms arent aiding and abetting the Nigerian govt ( paying their " processing fees " and " hidden taxes " ) then you are the one living in a fantasy world. \ \ Thomas Rohricht - CO2 Creative environmentally sensitive graphics and design " I wouldnt mind having multiple personalities , just so long as they all got along and could work together on a project " - anonymous - \ \ 
