They say he practised hard yesterday and he has ( to my knowledge ) not stated that he is injured ( although this in itself doesnt mean much ) . Does this mean something or nothing ? I am normally a big naysayer when it comes to conspiracy theories , but this series of events does sound highly suspicious , especially with Snow practicing at full speed the day before he gets put on the injured list. I would not be at all surprised to see Snow land in Boston or Long Island before long , provided Sinden or Milbury can dump their high salaried goalies to someone else. Even if Snow gets dumped to points east , I dont see either Dafoe or Potvin arriving here. ( Potvin is a slight possibility forget Dafoe. ) I would not be at all surprised to see Burke dump Snow for some youth or draft picks , and just tough out the year with Legace and Weekes. The Canucks are at least a year or two away from contending , Haha and they can address their goaltending needs at that time if need be. That would be if the Canucks had Potvin making close to 3 million a year performing worse that Snow did last year , BUT Snow is only making 1.4 mill and without him you can expect the Canucks to finish with less that the 62 or 63 points they got last year , I promise that ! In the meantime , Snow is a highly disposable asset who HUH ? ! ? ! ? ! ? ! Highly disposable ? WHo the fuck is going to take his place ? Weak-es ? Legace ? We dont even know if these guys can handle a full load , or even split one with any ounce of succes. We at least know that Snow can on the odd occasion pull out a win from the winless Canucks hat. He managed 6 shutouts last year on a team that is more hole-y than Pope John Paul II. This team cant score , SO they cant be in the position to gamble in the nets. Snow proved himself last year , and the inconsistency we saw was CONSISTENT with the rest of the team , so what do you expect to happen to your goalie ? Fix the defence , and get some scoring. Forget about moving Snow because he isnt costing much for some relative peace of mind in net ! I cringe at the thought of Weekes being the # 1 or getting more than 20 games in this year ! helps them pay off contract buyout for " The Key " , money for Jovo and Aucoin , etc. Hammer - Wasted - 
